# Fictional Introductions for Manuals of Nonexistent Musical Instruments

## Aquaphone

Thank you for choosing the *Aquaphone Subcontrabass clarinet*. The Aquaphone series of instruments are a set of classical instruments redesigned to be performed in submersive aquatic environments. To make the most of this instrument, we recommend immersing yourself in this manual (laminated for subterranean environments). Tutorial videos are also available. Please note that Aquaphone in no event shall be liable for consequential damage resulting from using this instrument, especially if you are not wearing scuba gear.

## Oy-nye-ee

Congratulations on your purchase of the Yamula Oy-nye-ee! 

You now own a portable keyboard that, for the first time, combines temporal pliability, great sound, and exceptional ease-of-use in a highly compact package. 

Its outstanding features make it a remarkably expressive instrument which allow you to field notes from the future and herald them into the past. Traditional pianos often follow the second law of thermodynamics thereby *only* facilitating time following from the past towards the future - a common flaw in most commercial musical instruments. 

Our engineers were able to re-engineer and reverse the asymmetry of time thereby letting the musician to truly take control of their own destiny and literally rewrite history with their musical performances on this instrument. WARNING: Emergence of singularity enveloping space-time surrounding the Yamula Oy-nye-ee can significantly degrade sound/universe.


## Rubbernecker

Late in the 19th century, an humble Greek luthier and violin maker named Baf Cedeg moved her family to America for a better life. She founded and built a company that became known for a violin she dubbed the "rubbernecker" - which would become one of the greatest names in instruments. 

The first rubbernecker, introduced in 1893, was a violin that had a rubber neck which, when bent, would apply microtonal adjustments to the strings. This atonal chromaticism would define an entire era of music that lasts to this day. 

After 129 years of production, rubbernecker instruments have developed elastic operating modes for all classical instruments. Today, with dedicated rubbernecker engineers, product specialists, and skilled craftspeople at our facilities, we continue to design and set rigid quality standards for the extreme flexibility of each instrument.

## ES-02

The ES-02 is an automatic music machine which can memorize lines of a musical piece and replay them automatically, as long as no one is listening.

### UNMUSIC AND THE ES-02

A musical piece involves many complex factors, such as different pitches and beats. Consequently, it is very difficult to organize pitches and beats in an aesthetically pleasing way. The ES-02 overcomes this difficulty by facilitating the production of musical pieces by producing the music *only* when any sentient being with auditory faculties are geographically distant, and "out of earshot." The ES-02 ensures that any musical pieces of low quality (or high quality, or any quality) will not be experienced.

### THE BASIC IDEA BEHIND THE ES-02

In order to hear sound, a pressure wave must propagate from a device (or speaker) and enter the ear. The ES-02 operates by facilitating that its device cannot transmit sounds when any ear is present (using our patented Ocular Detection Technology&trade;). Any signals that are generated by the ES-02 and recreated later on different devices will also automatically destructively interfere, thereby eliminating any particulars related to sound or auditory elements. 

The following is a description only of the operation of the ES-02.

## Synestheasizer

The Moland CH-222 Synestheasizer offers various functions for more effective and flexible performance, as well as excellent synestheasizing ability. 

It is necessary for you to understand the function of the controls and selectors of the CH-222 perfectly to fully enjoy the advantages of the unit. Remember that you are the one who creates the sounds, and the synestheasizer turns those sounds into images and vibrant visuals. 

If your model name is CH-222H then, this version of the CH-222 Synestheasizer also includes an input jack, which is attached to a camera so that images can be directly turned into sound, which are then relayed through the output projector so that the images turned to sound can be redirected again as images.

## The World's Smallest Violin

Thank you for purchasing The World's Smallest Violin. In order to obtain the maximum performance and enjoyment of The World's Smallest Violin, we urge you to read this Owner's Manual thoroughly before using the instrument. Please keep this Owner's Manual in a safe place for later reference.

The World's Smallest Violin will give you years of reliable service if you do not expose it to the following conditions to avoid deformation, discoloration, or more serious damage:

- Direct sunlight.
- High temperatures.
- Situations where the use of irony is unacceptable.

In addition, never perform songs of excessive length as the intent for mockery may slowly transform into heartfelt sympathy.

### SETUP

The World's Smallest Violin is played like a traditional violin, however the tuning peg, nut, neck, fingerboard, chin rest, bridge, sound board and body frame are simply your thumb. Also unlike a traditional violin, the bow is your index finger.

The World's Smallest Violin is always tuned so that it plays the saddest of songs. If The World's Smallest Violin does not play the saddest of songs, it may be sent back to the manufacturer, however service charges incurred due to a lack of knowledge relating to how a function works are not covered by the manufacturer's warranty.
